[Narrator] Alright, so now we're going
to have a little queues challenge.
And hopefully you did the stacks challenge
because we're going to do the same thing except this time,
I want your solution to use a stack and a queue.
And so I want you to determine whether
a string is a palindrome using a stack and a queue.
And just like with the stacks challenge,
strings may contain punctuation and spaces,
and you should ignore those when you're determining
whether a string is a palindrome and also ignore case.
And so once again, a palindrome is a string
that reads the same from left to right
as it does from right to left.
And so if we look at race car,
if you read from left to right, it's race car
and if you read it in reverse,
from right to left, it's also racecar.
Hello isn't a palindrome because
if you read from right to left, it doesn't say hello,
it says olleh or something like that.
And I did, did i is a palindrome.
If you ignore the spaces in the punctuation,
reading it from left to right is the same
as reading it from right to left.
There's a starter project in the resources section
so you can start with that.
We're going to test the same strings
we did in the stacks challenge.
When I say to use a stack and queue,
you can use classes in the JDK
and all I'm going to do that again
for the stack in the queue.
And so, your solution should contain push and pop
and should contain queue methods like
add last and remove first.
So I've given you a couple of hints there.
So using your choice of stack in queue,
go ahead and use the starter project
in the resources section and complete the method
that uses a stack and a queue to check
whether a string is a palindrome.
Good luck and I'll see you in the solution video.